all righty guys what's cracking it son
host here we're gonna play a little bit
of Donkey Kong - in Minecraft created by
sethbling just put the map up for town
though thought I'd give it a try
so yeah let's try it out there's like a
very cool map now I did play the first
version that Seth put out it's still on
the Minecraft addict server I believe in
the old gallery but anyways let's try it
out and see what's going on now as Seth
explained he's kind of stomping a little
cow if there's Donkey Kong he's stomping
on the platform and here we go there's
the princess up there oh god he's
sitting the first thing down here we go
I think we have jump boots
- yeah jump who's - and I still love
this jump boost okay no I'm I've been
pretty good at these games I've been
known to be pretty good at that Mario
and stuff oh God
after this we'll try it in first third
person - you sorry and basically when
those cars hit you that happens yeah hmm
that was unfortunate anyways yep oh you
missed me you missed me okay these
things are coming down fast oh my god
all right hold on Oh done alright we
just gotta get there once we just gotta
get there once and once we're once I'm
done hmm oh god oh god what's once we're
done with the map I'll kind of give a
little flyby and show you guys what's
going on no no no no gonna jump over
this one come on give me a break
whoa that's not fair Jesus come on
oh that would miss me somehow
oh my god you guys remember that old I
don't know if some of you guys are old
enough to remember the first first
Donkey Kong this was a very fun game no
no come on that part's hard that part is
difficult but I'm pretty sure this the
exact set up right here the same thing
okay so I think we've done five turns
because the other two were practice runs
but he's using the scoreboard feature
which i think is really cool and that's
always got the most innovative things as
you guys already know that of course so
it looks like these aren't in various
excessive intervals it looks like a
little bit random like that's gonna be
where I need to go cuz it's a little bit
longer of a push right there come on man
give me a dang break hahaha yeah this
can be rough this is gonna be rough I
should put some finny Hill music Oh
double killed by magic double kill
what oh no that was just stupid Oh God
alright that was probably the biggest
fail that was probably the biggest fail
yeah you can't even do that in regular
Mario alright come on come on come on I
got this we got this son yes son oh come
on give me that temporary love all right
I'm gonna find No
oh I see Paula are appalling oh come on
let me get this and get this let me get
this and get this yes yes yes hold on
what hold on no no oh it's ridiculous
no stop it stop it now all right that
was not fair but I could got past it
whoa whoa whoa what's going on here I'm
getting double killed over here come on
we gotta get this picket mmm that's fun
always fun yeah yeah do it do it work it
work it tease it tease it tease it oh
yeah there we go
all you got to do is give it a little
give a little smidge goes on the ladder
you gotta be kidding me I don't know
escape that death or that one why cuz I
didn't tease it come on Oh tease it in
this ladder here we go come on I'm
coming for you Paula don't worry come in
oh god no no no no no no hit and run hit
and run son give me on this ladder give
me this damn ladder oh my god I'm gonna
kill somebody I really want I could you
imagine killing somebody the scariest
thing oh I pushed it back gosh you know
what stuck like if I couldn't beat this
legit like that's just how bad I am at
this game
I'm just like all right guys let's show
you that's probably to heaven all right
let's go there no stop it it's not being
unfair sethbling with your Chiti black
magic ways no stop it
sethbling I think we can go here and be
safe hold on I see you baby
yes
oh this as far as we've gotten son okay
so where's the next letter the next
letters can you oh we're so close
we're so close baby come on come on come
at me bro oh yeah oh oh God
oh yeah oh yes son
Oh son Donkey Kong don't you do it don't
you do it
princess I'm here to save you Pauline I
love you yeah baby oh yeah pony mmm yeah
Pauline oh yeah that pony alright let's
stop fooling around let's kill this
sucker is everything to do kill oh no no
no this is just bad oh wait what what
what do I do am I supposed to kill him
come on send a card buddy there we go
now what do I do
place was budget no I won no didn't I
alright this this sucks this the I won I
know I won I killed him
much let's go over here to kill these
things or what those are just displays
or something i won i know i won that's
ridiculous that one yeah we want hey
Polly so good tonight let us break this
free and you from the grips of humanity
and that giant donkey
anyways let's see how this works so as
you guys can see
there are carts which act like the
barrels which are created by this
spawner right here which I think going
random intervals I could be wrong but
there's like no redstone which is
awesome and these just get sent out of
the world so yeah a very simple map yeah
just using the new innovative ways of of
uh yeah all that stuff so sethbling
thank you for the awesome map and
everything this is a very very cool map
and look at that paulina saving the day
yeah I don't know what happened anyways
much love guys much respect I use